README.md, before:

# Botecore
Botecore is a modular telegram bot engine that works with python-telegram-bot. It is very simple: you get a module, add it's folder in the modules directory and it works *automagically*¹!

I made it for my own telegram bot but I thought it was actually a good project so I decided to make it public and try to make it better with time...

The [wiki page](https://github.com/vitorhssv/Botecore/wiki) has a *small documentation*² that goes from installing python (if you just want a really cool bot but knows nothing about programming) to making new modules yourself!

There's a [repository](https://github.com/vitorhssv/Botecore-Modules) with *some modules*² I've made for this, feel free to check it and add them to your own bot! 

###### ¹ *It's not really magic... It's actually python. sorry.*
###### ² *Depending on when you're seeing this there might be empty pages in the wiki and/or no modules on the repository. If that's the case, come back later!*
###### *This project is under active³ development and breaking changes will most surely be done*
###### ³ *By "active" I mean it's being worked on, but probably not regularly. It depends 100% on my spare time and willpower. Feel free to fork it and make your own changes or send a commit if you want to!*

Commit message:

feat: Updated readme
Added a link to the changelog file in the readme file

This reverts commit ad6d0c18f7ff3baef44c7e4a8acb62621d483251 where I was trying to create a new tab in the repository home page. It didn't work.

README.md, after:

# Botecore
Botecore is a modular telegram bot engine that works with python-telegram-bot. It is very simple: you get a module, add it's folder in the modules directory and it works *automagically*¹!

I made it for my own telegram bot but I thought it was actually a good project so I decided to make it public and try to make it better with time...

The [wiki page](https://github.com/vitorhssv/Botecore/wiki) has a *small documentation*² that goes from installing python (if you just want a really cool bot but knows nothing about programming) to making new modules yourself!

There's a [repository](https://github.com/vitorhssv/Botecore-Modules) with *some modules*² I've made for this, feel free to check it and add them to your own bot! 

You can check the [changelog](https://github.com/vitorhssv/Botecore/CHANGELOG.md) to see what changed!

###### ¹ *It's not really magic... It's actually python. sorry.*
###### ² *Depending on when you're seeing this there might be empty pages in the wiki and/or no modules on the repository. If that's the case, come back later!*
###### *This project is under active³ development and breaking changes will most surely be done*
###### ³ *By "active" I mean it's being worked on, but probably not regularly. It depends 100% on my spare time and willpower. Feel free to fork it and make your own changes or send a commit if you want to!*
